Mikhalchyk 

1. 0-2 years of experience (or relevant internships) in software development. Recent grads and those graduating in December 2021 welcome to apply.
2. C++ or object-oriented skills from similar languages such as Java or C#.
3. Experience in Linux / Unix operating systems.
4. Proven experience of the software development lifecycle in a commercial environment.
5. Experience of developing and optimizing highly scalable services and distributed systems.
6. Experience of applying automation tools for building software, testing, and deployment.
7. Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.
8. Excellent communicator. Ability to interpret requirements and specifications and to describe highly technical designs or solutions simply and clearly to less technical audiences.
9. Highly organized with the ability to prioritize own workload and adhere to deadlines.
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or similar degree

At least 3 years’ experience in C++ (11 or later) software development;
    Experience with building complex multi-threaded multi-platform libraries;
    Strong analytical and problem solving skills;
    M.Sc. or B.Sc. in Informatics, Computer Science or Engineering;
    Experience with Android, iOS or Windows PC development is an advantage;
    Good understanding of English.
    Experience in .NET/C# software development;
    Knowledge of Windows Presentation Foundation framework (WPF).
    Отличное знание C++ (C++ 14/17)
    Четкое понимание принципов ООП, SOLID, применения паттернов проектирования
    Опыт разработки с использованием библиотек Qt, STL, Boost
    Отладка и оптимизация C++ приложений
    Опыт разработки многопоточных приложений
    Навыки работы с git
    4+ years of commercial development experience;
    1+ years of Go development;
    Experience in developing high-performance and high-load solutions;
    Hands-on experience working with different databases (NoSQL, relational, columnar);
    Knowledge of API design (REST, gRPC);
    Good understanding of micro-service architecture development;
    Eagerness to learn new things.
    Knowledge of С++;
